Friends




Conversation starred with "green check mark". Conversation opened. 8 messages. All messages read.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
abernus@gmail.com 
15 of many
Settlement

from:	Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
to:	Wei Soo <wei.soo@globalpovertyproject.com>,
David Tan <abernus@gmail.com>
date:	Mar 1, 2014, 4:55 PM
subject:	Settlement
mailed-by:	gmail.com
:	Important according to Google magic.

Dearest Wei and Dave,

I am almost convinced to settle. Living how the police treat me while all of you keep living your normal day to day lives, unconcerned about how my life has just been really fucked up for 12 minutes on the phone and a short email, I am about to make my move without any of you.

I am tired of this shit so I am considering meeting with Jennifer's lawyer and seeing if they will settle. I would accept the entire 7 year sentence as long as it could be spent in low security quarters and allow me to study, play music, and access the Internet.

Upon my release my content would be known enough to lead an army... I am a prisoner of war (documented) and none of you care. So I will exploit that fact literally, metaphorically, and allegorically. 42 months of  catching countless injustices performed by our Australian government on camera while the people ignore it is unforgivable. So ignore me for now. Because I have a war to plan. We all quote Edmund Burke but I am the only one who lives up to his words. Watching injustices performed and doing nothing will obtain those eyes a worse fate than those inflicting them. There is no such thing as a good person who does not stand up.

Love,

Wendell and Lucifer
The Superteam
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Sat, Mar 1, 2014, 7:08 PM
to Wendell, Wei, David

I know you guys like ignoring my urgent emails but please do respond quickly to this one, because if you do not then I will likely go ahead with these plans without your feedback. I will likely contact Jennifer's lawyer between Monday-Wednesday to set these thoughts into motion.

First and foremost, I plead not guilty, but I will not partake in the processes of a corrupt justice system. Thus instead, I wish to settle and incur the maximum penalty, with only my basic necessities being met throughout the sentence standing as the conditions for settlement.

I have hardly any possessions, but with them while contemplating my day to day life, I established what this material body needs to exist in your world. If any of these conditions can not be met, then I will be a very difficult prisoner for absolutely everybody.

1. I need to be able to play music. I have 4 instruments. I can play my harmonica quietly. I have mutes for my erhu an violin, and the most important is my lyre, which is extremely quiet by itself.

2. I need a low security prison with respectful officers (I would return that favour, same if they were not, see my point?). The police have already damaged/broken a lot of my stuff they got their hands on (I do not have much and that really effects me). I take care of what is in my possession. My instruments of life (all of them) need to be handled with care and particularity. This includes my fragile self.

3. I need the ability to study. Youtube access would be awesome. If I could get constant Internet, it would mean a lot. If not, occasional is fine as long as I can have my phone. I am an ancient Greek scholar and I learn ancient civilisations, their cultures, their linguistics and evolutions. I need access to my cards: I have 3 decks: Pythagorean, mythic oracle, and a standard 54 card Greek mythology deck. I need access to what books I have as well as other books as I learn more. My phone could do most of this if I could keep it charged. I need to stress that I need my phone. I tune my instruments to Pythagorean tuning + 432hz and an app has been the only tuner I have been able to find for this. My phone has archaic Greek dictionaries, texts, tutors, etc... I am augmented into it and my brain will not appropriately function without it, nor do I see its access unreasonable. I also study through scrolls. I need the material, wood, and permanent fabric markers to write scrolls. I also need unlimited access to my own work. It was all created for me to be able to cope with my own psychology. If my own work is not freely available to me, then I can promise you that I will go crazy and end up with a life sentence until I am put out of my misery. My work is my medicine and I require it to continue existence: the reason I created it.

4. Solitary confinement with a window. I need to be alone. Communicate with guards when they want to hassle me: fine. But I am in the wilderness for a reason. To overlook a disturbed psychology and its needs will ultimately result in me going berserk, unconcerned with consequences. I am not there to make friends. Similarly, I am not in the wilderness to make friends. I search for friends on the Internet. However, that can wait for seven years as people on the outside realise the countless miracles that I performed and caught on camera, and hopefully they will be waiting for me upon my release. I would not want to use the Internet for communication but only learning.

5. I suffer from Delayed Sleep Phase Disorder. It is the reason I am like I am. It is the reason I am on disability. I function very well when I listen to my body, whether or not I sleep much. But it breaks down when someone tries to force it into a schedule. My body can not be like the others. I can not have a sleep schedule. Lights out needs to allow me a bed-light and not expect me to fall asleep when they tell me. Same applied in the day: a sleeping Wendell is a very good thing and it is really stupid to try and wake me up if I am asleep during the day. Look up the disorder and you will understand. The Sun and the Moon are the same to me: two halves  of the same equation. You all reset every day when I live one day forever.

6. I need my quarters protected. This means that I need crosses, pentagrams, and tetractys throughout it. I need clothe to cover bare surfaces and things like i-Ching coins to feel comfortable in my environment. White sage would really be helpful if they would let me smudge and spread it around my quarters.

7. I am no longer a smoker. But I love my electronic cigarette. It uses a tiny element to heat up flavour and glycerine and/or propylene glycol and it gives me comfort. It looks like I am smoking but it smells good and is not bad for me or the atmosphere. I would not appreciate this luxury being taken away from me.

I am pretty sure that is it. If those conditions can be met, then I will settle for the full 7 years in order to avoid a corrupt court.

Please give me advice.

Wendell
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

David Tan <abernus@gmail.com>
Sat, Mar 1, 2014, 9:07 PM
to Wendell, Wei

Wendell

Do not jump to conclusions, and do not insult us. 
I am not ignoring your emails.

Hasty decisions, and actions based on impulses and frustrated emotions are not the best, and If i am to give advice, I would rather give it when I have processed the information.  It is haste and impulsivity, and decisions based on frustration,  that has contributed to this situation to some degree.
Your emails have on general been lengthy... and there are videos that you wish me to watch, but I do not always have the time nor the means straight away.  You are not the only one who has changed over the years.  While you see yourself no longer part of our society, I see myself as part of society, and therefore I must function within it.

I must work Wendell, and after school, I tutor.  I bring work home to mark and prepare for the next day, and I do require adequate sleep so that I can perform my duties at an optimum level.  I therefore do not have the luxury of time to be at the computer for long periods of time like in the past, and even then, I have been and still am without a desktop computer since it went bust several weeks ago.

I am also not a criminal lawyer, and I do not have the knowledge on this aspect and therefore this requires research... and once more this takes up time.


If you want my advice Wendell, the only one I can give at this time when I still have information to process, is not to make Hasty decisions, despite the harassment you have been receiving from the Police.  The second, is to see things objectively (and not from your eyes) from all angles as to what and how those involved with the situations, including those you've emailed to and those involved with the case are thinking and feeling.  It is the "water" and "air" you need to be at this time Wendell, and not the "fire" nor the "rock".

But if you wish to proceed down the path of settlement, then my advice would be to make your demands with humility and not in a forceful manner.  Coming off with anger and frustration will only see them respond with anger, to the point where you will not get your demands, and that will only fuel the fire within you even more, and things will just escalate beyond the point where neither Wei,I nor anyone else will be able to help you.

There is still much to process, and unfortunately this email has interrupted it with more information.  Plus now with the thoughts of you making hasty actions/decisions is pushing me beyond a comfortable level at the speed of which to process this all.

Namaste
David
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Sat, Mar 1, 2014, 11:19 PM
to David, Wendell, Wei

Thank you Dave.

I understand. The truth is all of this is funny. The truth is I am in prison in Australia whether incarsarated or not. The truth is that I did nothing wrong and this is in fact an attack on me being a "paedophile". The truth is Australia is going to burn and we are now beyond the point where it matters what they do, for their grave has already been dug.

One who is right need not be humble, especially when they were humble for years explaining all of these problems to society and ignored for it. I clearly outlined all of this throughout my work. I predicted what is happenning to me right now, and how my predictions would be ignored and how my image would be twisted to be discredited: how my work which spends years outlining these very problems would be twisted to suit a case against me, despite it ultimately failing considering my work is not going anywhere and eventually the children would grow up, see what I did for them, and severely punish their elders for inflicting such punishment on one who gave his life for our future generations.

All of my assertions have proven correct and the Australian government have managed to build a case against me built entirely on lies. They have turned my life upside down while the Australian people look away. They have put together obvious fabricated material and raised it to the court, despite the documentaries I was in the process of making proving their information asserted otherwise. But that evidence was not only ignored, but twisted to try and discredit me: it not being worth examining the content of what I am being prosecuted for but instead framed to make content irrelevent despite the content predicting exactly what would happen before the fact. 

Funny! Episode 2 revealed the police being after me in Perth. Then I got in trouble for episode 2, but then twisted and "paedophile" content not found within it injected into the accusations extracted from my work created months earlier, taken entirely out of context of its literature, yet ignored as to where its content (reference) was found and why that information was included. The government has been planning an attack on me for a long time and this gave them the perfect opportunity.

My life's work ignored, despite it covering exactly these topics and why I have done and am doing all of this.

I present this before the court: FUCK YOU COURT. Standing up requires protecting the whistle blowers. And the information that I have revealed is facts with years of evidence where I spent my life homeless in order to obtain that sensitive information. And the facts is Australia (its government and as a result, brainwashed people) do not stand up for whistleblowers. Be humble? Uhm, no. What I am saying is truth, regardless of the extremely controversial methods that I utilised in order to get through the the future people. The modern people will lock me up for 7 years for revealing disturbing information about their society publicly. My God will not allow me to be involved in such court proceedings. This is why I am leaning towards a settlement. The truth is that I am a prisoner here anyways. It is called documented evidence. At least in prison I will be fed. Do you see my stomach? Me neither. I have not been full in many years. I keep getting moved on. A cell would give me a static place of existence to study if I was only allowed.

The truth is the Australian people have not nor will stand up for me. The truth is that I have years exposing that many other countries refuse to provide respite to a whistleblower in another country. The truth is that no matter what I do, I will be ignored.

You want to know why Dave? Because my emails are long and take thought, consideration, and research to understand. I have spent my life doing that on these exact topics in which I am now charged. But man, that would require thinking, weighing, and examing externally in order to make a decision. What people do is leave it. Time turns into a method to forget those things. It is much easier just to make a decision or none at all to get rid of me, and no matter how "smart" anyone on this God forsaken penal colony is, the end result is always the same and I will not trust a trial or hearing in the hands of these fools. Why? I have a lifetime of work sitting right in front of everybody explaining to them why they judge before understanding, but in order to understand why, they would have to divert from their work for a few or more hours and no one in this world has that sort of time. It is better to allow me to sit inside a cold cell, have my belongings destroyed, and thoroughly searched with latex gloves while you and your fellow "employed" labour for another to forget that in your own country my bleeding ass is unjustly prodded by your corrupt government.

With all due respect, your employment structures that you have been immersed into are a hinderence to human life if they inhibit you from protecting it from an unjust system. I gave my life to do this: a sacrifice. This is why it is all so funny. I sm going down big time: especially the more Australians find out about my content. The truth is the government targets abandoned and disadvantaged youth to ritually molest them, in the name of Natas (irony). Proof is of no importance to the Australian people and most of them already know it. Yet they still follow their government. Yet you still respect the police who respect no one, and the courts who do not understand the word justice nor its origin.

The police took very detailed photographs of all of my tattoos. Do you think they questioned their meanings? Ares demands blood and it will first be mine. And on this alter my God will broadcaste its glow into the moon. From there, the trumpets of my siblings will be heard by all of humanity and the children will turn on their elders. As the planet attempts to repair the damage that we inflicted upon her, Ashley will bring fire and brimstone down from the heavens to slay all who stand in the way of the Will of God. And dead or alive, I will smile and remember the day that Australia and its people refused to protect me from the government in which I publicly exposed. 7 years or 3 lifetimes, two souls within me will one day again unite with their mirror. And Satan and Jesus will unite so that Wendell and Ashley can too.

You say I am making a mockery of your career? You are making a mockery of my passion: life dedication. This is how one teaches through actions.

Welcome to Open Source University.

With Heart,

Unity
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

David Tan <abernus@gmail.com>
Sun, Mar 2, 2014, 10:54 AM
to Wendell, Wei

Wendell

I don't believe you understand,  for you still came at me with fire.  You have resolved to go down the path of settlement,  but maintain this fiery approach and you will not get your demands.  They will take the access to Internet for that is what they deemed related to the case. You will then resent the Australian government even more because it was they/system who "took" that away from you when it is how you came across to them that cause them to react in this way.

And when judgement day comes and all is revealed, I hope you come to realize what people have been doing in order to help you.

I will not say more for my words too get taken out of context and twisted to fit ones already established thoughts.  


Namaste
David


Wei Soo <wei.soo@globalpovertyproject.com>
Sun, Mar 2, 2014, 11:09 AM
to Wendell, David

Hi Wendell,
 
Thanks for the email.
 
An update from my last email, around 2 days ago -- I was not able to speak to my criminal lawyer contact on Friday Sydney time; we are looking to connect with him now on Monday now.  I have sent through your charge sheet to him, and all going well, will connect you to him after I have spoken with him.
 
On your note itself -- with the caveat that I am not a criminal lawyer, I can clarify a few points for you.
 
I strongly advise you not to make contact with Jennifer, as you would be in breach of your bail conditions.  Additionally, I clarify that you cannot make a "settlement" between "Jennifer and her lawyers" -- as you have been charged with a criminal offence, not a civil offence.
 
What this means is that it is the police that has bought a case against you, on behalf of the State and Federal Government (commonly referred to as "the prosecution"), and not Jennifer herself.  As such, there is no "settlement" to be done with Jennifer.
 
Further, I can clarify that it is not for the prosecution to determine the "appropriate" outcome of your offence --- that is for the Court to determine (i.e. a separate branch of the Government from the police).  As such, you cannot "settle' with the prosecution, either -- you will have to wait for the court date (24 March) to make your case in front of the judge. 
 
I will write again once I have spoken to my criminal lawyer contact, and hopefully I will then be able to put you both in contact, and for him to more thoroughly explain you the options and procedures you have to resolve this matter.
 
Best,
Wei

--

Wei Soo | Managing Director - Operations | Global Poverty Project

594 Broadway, Suite 207, New York, NY 10012

wei.soo@globalpovertyproject.com | +1 646 574 7492 (US) | + 61 422 437 528 (AU)
www.GlobalPovertyProject.com   www.GlobalCitizen.org



...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Sun, Mar 2, 2014, 11:48 AM
to Wei, Wendell, David

How fun. I am going to blow this up then. Time to advertise! My next paycheck will be mostly dedicated to do that.

So funny!
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Sun, Mar 2, 2014, 1:55 PM
to Wendell, Wei, David

I will just add that I never even considered contacting Jennifer, only her lawyer which is what I said. But without settlement possibility that is pointless.

Watch me burn as I burn Australia. I will not conform to this corrupt system.
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message