ALL YOUR TEACHERS & FRIENDS (DOUBLESPEAK)


Jeremy Northcote <J.Northcote@murdoch.edu.au>
Sun, Apr 13, 2014, 12:57 AM
to Wendell

Hi Wendell

Thanks for the update of your situation.

You know 200 years ago Karl Marx pondered why no one could recognise – yet alone act against – the oppressive nature of the society that surrounds us. What he figured out is that people are conditioned not to see and not to ask questions ('false consciousness'). Not much has changed really.

It seems to me that you've been on a personal journey for some time that has led you to the same realisation, and you've been keen to share those insights (in your own distinctive way) through your videos - partly to change the world, and partly to get to know like-minded people.

Here's the thing Wendell – even when people realise the coercive and oppressive structures that characterise our modern society, there is still the matter of whether they want to act to change it. So even when, say, cops know that the justice system is wrong, they are resigned to the view that it is all we've got – they don't know of an alternative, or they take the view that although the system is not perfect, it's good enough.

Anyway, within all this, you need to find balance within yourself. Do you keep fighting the system, or do you let social evolution takes its course and let people wake up when they're ready? Do you try to find like-minded people (which is not easy), or do you just accept that people are what they are and find commonality where you can. 

I don't think you want to live the rest of your life being chased around and harassed. You also don't want to let it get to the point where you are left so angry and bitter that you can't find peace within yourself.

You've made your videos and got your thoughts and feelings across to anyone who wants to take notice. Maybe its time now to focus on things that are more relaxing (like music) and get some peace of mind. That might involve some compromise with the system and the people who serve as its agents, which is not the same as letting them own you.

Regards

Jeremy  

From: Wendell NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Date: Friday, 11 April 2014 9:45 AM
To: Jeremy Northcote <j.northcote@murdoch.edu.au>
Subject: Justice


...

[Message clipped]  View entire message

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 2:11 PM
to Jeremy

Thanks Jeremy for your thoughtful words. Let's always stay friends.

My past friends and family act like I am evil. Rejecting an individual not for actions but ideals disgusts me.  I am currently in Lismore seeking out like minds and I have already obtained a few. Searching for the underground so I can continue my work for a specific audience.

Call me crazy but I think aliens have enslaved humanity. We are so far disconnected from the environment that we live in and paperwork runs our day to day lives. The equation that humans did this to themselves does not add up. TV is used to brainwash and I see through it all. Land ownership and housing regulations force lives into slavery. We follow the dollar printed by the presses. We are all going to Hell because our systems are designed to brand happy consumers and punish those who do not ascribe.

Wendell

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 2:59 PM
to David

This is how a real friend communicates.


David Tan <abernus@gmail.com>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 3:19 PM
to Wendell

That is not a friend wendell.. that is a wise teacher, someone who appears capable of helping you and it seems someone who you are receptive to. Im glad you have found someone like that, and this has taken a load of my shoulders.  Thanks for sharing that email. Take on board his advice and find that inner peace, find the balance within yourself, rid yourself of the bitterness and anger and then if it is within your hearts desire, make another attempt at reestablishing relationships with your folk.
I sincerely wish you the best of luck.

In Love and Light.
Dave


Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 3:49 PM
to David

Your species are faulty componets of God's plan. You do not accept me if you reject my work which created me.

Why am I always on my tippie toes around them? They are a disgrace to our species. I did nothing wrong Dave. Fuck you for making me think I did.

I am incapable of reestablishing any of my relationships with their side not accepting my past work which is entirely me which I am proud of.

You act like I have done something wrong. It is you that has done something wrong by acting like I have done something wrong. No friend of mine.


David Tan <abernus@gmail.com>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 4:02 PM
to Wendell

I didn't mean to upset you.  It was not my intention.
But if that is how I am perceived, then I will cease communicating with you as it seems to be counter to your well-being.
I really hope Jeremy is able to be of help to you.

I guess I misinterpreted the "Give me a home by your side".  Such misunderstandings are so easy over the internet, particularly when people are no longer on the same wavelength nor resonate with each other.

Goodbye Wendell and God bless.

Regards
Dave

Wendell Charles NeSmith <wendell@nesmith.net>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 4:05 PM
to David

I think you and I possess two different understandings of the word "home".

You hurt me deeply. Great job!


Wesley Phoenix <wendell.nesmith@gmail.com>
Mon, Apr 14, 2014, 5:22 PM
to David

Jeremy was my old sociology professor.

It really hurts me that old relationships in my life do not respect me. New ones do. Where does the problem lie? Rejecting somone for who they are and not any specific actions is evil. Respect me and the life I have built for myself or any type of relationship is doomed.

I am awesome. Have a problem with it? Take it up with God. Guilty until proven innocent... Wisdom is a seed. Who has planted in the better soil?